welcome back we're getting into the st.
Patrick's Day spirit here in the
research kitchen with chef Justin Wylie
he's making Irish box tea yes it's an
old Irish pancake ah potato pants up
good in here and so we're gonna start
out with 1/2 cups of grated potato and
the important thing when you're grading
a potato they have a lot of moister so
you want to take a like a nice flour
sack towel okay like I have right here
and get the potato in there and just
squeeze it all out
really yeah you want to get all the
water you use after you've graded it and
then this is what you want after this is
the starch that's left over and it will
help bind the potato Wow yeah so we're
gonna go ahead and do 1 cup of
all-purpose flour now real quick what
kind of potatoes - geez I'm using Yukon
Golds ok look I just coat the potato
with the flour so I'm wondering how you
got that juice okay no you said because
it's not yeah you squeeze the water out
and the starch will sink to the bottom
and you just drain the water okay
picture this
and then a separate Bowl you want to
take one egg okay and about 1 tablespoon
of skim milk and width and then if we
won't be interactive so dump about one
cup of already mashed potato Oh Oh came
out came out perfect ah and we're gonna
go and just incorporate the egg and the
skim milk with the mashed potato
now do you make like regular mashed
potatoes of you pop yeah you know it's
regular so these are these are gonna be
a little bit you know a little bit more
fancier because those mashed potatoes
have sour cream and cream cheese and
also some goodies in them delicious and
then we're going to take that start that
remains about you know about 20 minutes
afterwards
out of there and incorporate that into
the mixture and then just salt and
pepper now how do you recommend making
your mashed potatoes oh well I leave the
skins on in the boiling for you know
until they're fork-tender
and then put them in a KitchenAid mixer
and butter and yeah delicious think with
them while they're hot
it'd take a little bit careful but you
know they're pretty easy man
the grater potatoes that are coated with
the flour we want to go ahead and mix in
okay and you want to get you're looking
for what kinda like a you know a thicker
batter okay and then yeah sorry we're
running out of time and then we're gonna
go ahead and just put them in pan
I'll let him know for you well yeah
that's it
and just kind of watch them till the
ground about three minutes on each side
ah delicious can't wait to try them all
right well we'll try this in just a
little bit baby